remove MSI (#7)
AdobeDocs/commerce-admin.en: help/inventory-management/install-update.md

   'Magento_InventoryAdvancedCheckout' => 0,
   ...
```
## Remove Inventory Management

> Inventory Management moudule can be remove through composer file. To remove all MSI module simply add the following into composer.json

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inventory Management module can be remove through composer file. To remove all Inventory Managements modules, simply add the following into composer.json.
```
